I'm a boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch
bitch what's up guys so this is the one
antihero all right you show a sexy
zombie deck the series he's made of
course for zombie mask this timbers are
three plague one gallon two min on the
palms damn too dark grepher are we get a
night the Malley's and Dasher cuz it's
better than diving today don't let
anybody for you that's for spells we got
3d draw the MST burial one book of light
hook'em reinforcements color dark hole
go straight then for traps kind of
simple stuff one traps on to finish to
be there for some random tokens because
we can to chain Libby air that means
this just because this card cuz it's
good for you lady siding zombie world
just the gate to everything start us
dark in prison later scram well spider
to go where we're broken all right yes
see that side deck so unfinished right
now but it's okay for the reign of
dragons this is like MVP for my side
deck goes against like everything what
I'm pulse cuz it's bad mean medicator
ddb I hate boo to you sorry world kinda
for the same he was in raikos cuz of a
bitch all right everybody subscribe to
the one antihero